Document TKGI integration (#8612)
DataDog/integrations-core: tkgi/README.md

# Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Integrated Integration

## Overview

This integration monitors [Tanzu Kubernetes Grid Integrated][1] clusters.

## Setup

Since Datadog already integrates with Kubernetes, it is ready-made to monitor TKGI.

### Kubernetes compute plane

Monitoring Kubernetes compute plane on TKGI requires that you set up the Datadog integration for [Kubernetes][2].

### Kubernetes control plane

Monitoring Kubernetes control plane on TKGI requires the following setup.

#### Upload the BOSH agent release

1. Navigate to https://bosh.io/releases/github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease
2. Select the latest version, copy the `bosh upload-release` command and run it to upload the release to your TKGI environment

#### Configure Kubernetes control plane integrations

> Here is the minimal bosh runtime configuration needed to install the agent on the control plane, and configure the integrations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the minimal bosh runtime configuration needed to install the Agent on the control plane, and configure the integrations:
```

```
addons:
- include:
    jobs:
    - name: kube-scheduler
      release: kubo
  name: dd-agent
  jobs:
  - name: dd-agent
    release: datadog-agent
    properties:
      dd:
        api_key: <API_KEY>
        integrations:
          etcd:
            init_config: {}
            instances:
            - prometheus_url: https://localhost:2379/metrics
              tls_verify: false
              tls_cert: /var/vcap/jobs/etcd/config/etcd.crt
              tls_private_key: /var/vcap/jobs/etcd/config/etcd.key
          kube_apiserver_metrics:
            init_config: {}
            instances:
            - prometheus_url: http://localhost:8080/metrics
              bearer_token_auth: false
          kube_controller_manager:
            init_config: {}
            instances:
            - prometheus_url: http://localhost:10252/metrics
              leader_election: false
          kube_scheduler:
            init_config: {}
            instances:
            - prometheus_url: http://localhost:10251/metrics
              leader_election: false
releases:
- name: datadog-agent
  version: <BOSH_AGENT_VERSION>
```

> The only two things that need to be added here are the API key for Datadog, as well as the BOSH agent version uploaded in the environment (`<API_KEY>` and `<BOSH_AGENT_VERSION>`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace the `<API_KEY>` and `<BOSH_AGENT_VERSION>` placeholders with the Datadog API Key and the BOSH agent version uploaded in the environment.
```

> For more information about all the available properties, see:
> https://bosh.io/jobs/dd-agent?source=github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about all the available properties, see the [BOSH release page](https://bosh.io/jobs/dd-agent?source=github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent-boshrelease):

```

Upload the sample configuration above, by saving it to a file and running:
```
bosh update-config --type runtime --name datadog-agent <PATH_TO_FILE>
```

#### Redeploy TKGI Tile

> Once the release and the configuration have been uploaded, redeploy the TKGI tile in the Ops Manager (making sure the “upgrade clusters” errand is checked) in order to pick up the runtime configuration and install the agent on the master VM of the Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the release and the configuration have been uploaded, redeploy the TKGI tile in the Ops Manager (making sure the “upgrade clusters” errand is checked) in order to pick up the runtime configuration and install the Agent on the master VM of the Kubernetes cluster.
```
refering to datadog agent?

### Metric collection

> The Datadog Agent collects your typical [Kubernetes integrations metrics][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent collects [Kubernetes integrations metrics][2].
```

Reviewer 2: This should link to the kubernetes metadata.csv, right now it's just the docs page

### Log collection

> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is outdated

> The setup is exactly the same as for Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup is exactly the same as for Kubernetes.

```

> To start collecting logs from all your containers, use your Datadog Agent [environment variables][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start collecting logs from all your containers, use Datadog Agent [environment variables][3].
```

You can also take advantage of DaemonSets to [automatically deploy the Datadog Agent on all your nodes][4].

> Follow the [container log collection steps][5] to learn more about those environment variables and discover more advanced setup options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [container log collection steps][5] to learn more about environment variables and discover more advanced setup options.
```
